README.md, before:

# *Your Project Description*
## *Sponsoring Company or Organization*
## *Short Project Description*
The directory structure in this GitHub is to allow the project to have all its resources self-contained.
Open Source software should not just be a repository of code.  There are a number of directories to help you and others that will 
follow in your foot steps.  It'll also allow the Linux Foundation OMP Mentorship program to keep track of your project and get
a better understanding of the problems you encountered during the developmemnt of this project.

| Folder | Description |
|---|---|
| Documentation |  all documentation the project team has created to describe the architecture, design, installation and configuratin of the peoject |
| Notes and Research | Relavent information useful to understand the tools and techniques used in the project |
| Status Reports | Project management documentation - weekly reports, milestones, etc. |
| scr | Source code - create as many subdirectories as needed |

## Project Team
- *Mentor's Name*  - *Company Affliation* - Mentor
- *Technical Advisor Name* - *Company Affliation* - Technical Advisor
- *Faculty Advisor's Name* - *Department* - Faculty Advisor
- *Student's Name* - *major* - Student Team Member
- *Student's Name* - *major* - Student Team Member
- *Student's Name* - *major* - Student Team Member
- *Student's Name* - *major* - Student Team Member

Commit message:

Update project description and team members in README.md

README.md, after:

# *Virtual Reality (XR) Content Technology Based on Generative AI and Emotion Recognition*
## *VCU College of Engineering*
## *Short Project Description*
Advancing content creation and development in virtual reality environments using generative AI and emotion recognition. This project is in collaboration with the School of the Arts and Korea Arts.

| Folder | Description |
|---|---|
| Documentation |  All documentation the project team has created to describe the architecture, design, installation and configuratin of the peoject |
| Notes and Research | Relavent information useful to understand the tools and techniques used in the project |
| Status Reports | Project management documentation - weekly reports, milestones, etc. |
| scr | Source code - create as many subdirectories as needed |

## Project Team
- *Alberto Cano* - *VCU College of Engineering* - Mentor
- *Technical Advisor Name* - *Company Affliation* - Technical Advisor
- *Faculty Advisor's Name* - *Department* - Faculty Advisor
- *Gokul Chaluvadi* - *Computer Science* - Student Team Member
- *Kshitij Kokkera* - *Computer Science* - Student Team Member
- *Zanika Hossain* - *Computer Science* - Student Team Member
- *Natalia Tondi* - *Computer Engineering* - Student Team Member
